Fix: Documentation missing in studio. (#540)
apollographql/router: CHANGELOG.md

  When GraphQL operation names are not nececessary to execute an operation (i.e., when there is only a single operation in a GraphQL document) and the GraphQL operation is _not_ named (i.e., it is anonymous), the `operation_name` attribute on the trace spans that are associated with the request will no longer contain a single hyphen character (`-`) but will instead be an empty string.  This matches the way that these operations are represented during the GraphQL operation's life-cycle as well.

> - **Router documentation went missing in studio** [PR #540](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/540)
>   This PR updates the introspection query cache to comply with recent studio updates.
>   

Reviewer: updated this to:

1. Be written from the context/perspective of the *changelog* rather than the PR, since this will be read from the CL and the release notes.
2. Some formatting / capitalization things (Product names should be capitalized).
3. Describe the solution we're shipping a fix for rather than the symptom (This section describes "Fixes") 

```suggestion
- **Resolved case of missing documentation in Apollo Studio Explorer** ([PR #540](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/540))

   We've resolved a scenario that prevented Apollo Studio Explorer from displaying documentation by adding support for a new introspection query which also queries for deprecation (i.e., `includeDeprecated`) on `input` arguments.
  
```
